MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 ShifaAI Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

MEDICAL DISCLAIMER:

This software is intended for educational and informational purposes only. 
It is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, 
diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other 
qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical 
condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it 
because of something you have read in this software.

The developers and contributors of this software make no representations or 
warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, 
reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the software or the 
information, products, services, or related graphics contained in the software 
for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore 
strictly at your own risk.

In no event will the developers be liable for any loss or damage including 
without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or 
damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in 
connection with, the use of this software.

ISLAMIC CONTENT DISCLAIMER:

The Islamic content (du'as, prophetic medicine references, etc.) included in 
this software is provided for educational purposes and spiritual benefit. 
While efforts have been made to ensure authenticity and accuracy, users are 
encouraged to verify Islamic content with qualified Islamic scholars and 
authentic sources. The inclusion of Islamic content is not intended to 
replace consultation with qualified Islamic scholars or medical professionals. 